Add var-19 audit, enable payment_v2 txns (#354)
helium/miner: audit/var-19.md

# Chain Variable Transaction 19

## Changes

> This transaction sets `max_payments` and subsequently enables payment_v2 transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction sets the `max_payments` variable and thereby enables payment_v2 transactions.
```
